# Treasury_Data_Analysis_Client
This project comprises of two Android apps. The first app, named FedCash, takes as input a year or a date range from an interactive user. This app uses a second app, named TreasuryServ, to access a database maintained by the US Department of the Treasury. The database is found at URL http://treasury.io/, which supports most networking protocols, such as JSON and HTTP Clients. In order not to block its user interface during network operations, TreasuryServ defines a bound service in order to access the database. The service in TreasuryServ defines a simple API, described below, for use by FedCash and other client apps. Upon receiving an API call from Client app, TreasuryServ appropriately creates and formats a query to be forwarded to the treasury.io site. After it receives the the site’s response to the query, TreasuryServ will return the requested information back to the FedCash app as the value returned from the API call. FedCash uses a worker thread when making API calls on TreasuryServ.

App FedCash has two activities. The first activity allows the interactive user to specify a request to be forwarded to TreasuryServ. Define appropriate fields (widgets) allowing a user to select one of the three APIs supported by the service in TreasuryServ and the corresponding input parameters. An additional widget forwards a request to the service. If FedCash was not bound to the service, it will bind to the service at this point. Finally, this activity contains a widget that will unbind FedCash from the service. The second activity consists of two fragments to be displayed side-by-side. This activity is opened by selecting an appropriate button in the first activity. The left fragment contains a list of all the calls made on the service. When a user selects one of the calls, the right fragment will display the result returned by the corresponding API call on the service contained in TreasuryServ.

Implementation notes. You must use an AIDL spec to expose the service’s functionality to the clients. Make sure that the service’s code is thread-safe; multiple clients could be bound to the service at the same time. As your implementation platform, use a Pixel XL virtual device running the usual Android version (API 25—Nougat). Design your client app layout in such a way that it will display best in landscape mode. You are not required to provide backward compatibility with previous Android versions or to support device reconfigurations.
